Pho Dien Nien finally hates this poor devil.
Come here to work ha ha
Hey son.
His son reported.
Open your dog eyes so I can see clearly.
This is the only big lady of the Bang Dien group.
The richest girl really
Damn me, this liar didn't bring a draft.
Have you ever seen a big girl wearing only a maid outfit?
I tell you.
Some dog men and women
It's best to kneel now.
Sorry my son.
Otherwise, wait for your wife and children to go out.
I told him to break your dog's leg.
Exactly.
You will also hire this Ray.
That one together became Thien Nhi's slave.
You don't need to reason with them.
Dealing with this kind of villain only requires lightning methods.
If you are deaf and blind...
So let you feel it.
What is the word in this neighbor's house?
Or.
Give them a lesson.
Ha ha ha
What are you guys doing?
You two are still mean people.